fix(card): renamed vars, updated docs (#2759)
patternfly/patternfly: src/patternfly/components/Card/examples/Card.md

| `.pf-c-card__head` | `<div>` | Creates the head of the card where images or actions can go. |
| `.pf-c-card__actions` | `<div>` | Creates an actions element to be used in the card head. |
| `.pf-c-card__head-main` | `<div>` | Creates a wrapper element to be used in the card head when using an image, logo or text. |

> | `.pf-m-roomy` | `.pf-c-card` | Creates a roomy variation of the card component that involves larger font sizes and spacing. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `.pf-m-roomy` | `.pf-c-card` | Creates a roomy variation of the card component that increases font size and spacing. |
```
